# CS360

The app I chose to develop was a Weight Tracking app. The goal of this app was to allow the user to track their daily weigh ins and set a goal weight. For this application to function correctly the application needed to have a database with at three tables which stored the daily weight, the user logins and passwords, and the goal weight. The app needed to possess a login screen which also allowed the user to sign up if they had never logged in before. Another screen, with a grid, which displayed the daily weights and dates they were entered. The app also required a mechanism which allowed the user to add their daily weights, another which enabled the user to add a goal weight, and one that would notify the user when they reached their set goal weight. To create a user friendly UI I made sure that the screens were free of clutter, the buttons were located in easily accessible areas of the screens, and the same theme was carried out through all the screens. I approached the process of coding your app by first creating the design of the app based on the required functionality. Using this method will be useful in future projects to ensure the user requirements are met. To ensure my code was functional I used the emulator to sign up, sign in, check to make sure each button was taking me to the appropriate screen, and the edittexts were allowing the proper input. This testing process was important as it allowed me to discover any areas within the application that were not functioning correctly. Looking back at the development of the weight tracking app, I was faced with learning on the job. Using this project to gain experience with SQLite allowed me to get much needed practice with this database. I do feel I need more experience to feel completely comfortable with implementing this database, but I was able to gain a lot of knowledge in the process. The more successful part of my application was the login screen. I was able to design it the way I want it and get it functioning correct to allow a new user to sign up and an old user to sign in
